# MMMM Minutes (MMMMM 3)
#### Date: 25 September 2017 19:00
#### Location: Hacman, Wellington House
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HACManchester/Branding/master/Logos/PNG/126/hackspace-dgrey.png)
## Agenda 
* Members Storage & Large Project Storage
  * Members storage is full
  * One box per person policy - enforecement
  * Large project storage is a dumping ground
  * What should the rules around storage actually be
  * How should they be enforced
  * Historic / Current Guidelines (at least in theory)
* Metal Area
  * Should we put the cable trays vertical against the wall or horizontal on brackets away from the wall. Horizontal would be preferred to avoid blocking light with brackets 4 - 6ft apart.
  * Does this question apply to the rest of the space too?
* Open evening
  * Making sure we have someone to introduce / do tours / help people join up every wednesday
  * Making it clear when that person will be around
  * Making it clear to newbs who that person is (BRIGHT PINK HI-VIS?! FLASHY LEDS!! )
* Teams
  * Reviving the idea
  * Already have laser - works well (separate telegram group, open to new members)
  * Proposals for tool team (3D printing), area team (Craft), project team (new wiring), buying team (snackspace/supplies)
  * Teams to have wiki pages ([Team_Template template already done]), and have a Team directory.
  * Team membership to be open (may be subject to training)
  * Teams to report progress to MMMM - two sentences will do, just a position update
* Board Transparency
* Non-transparent board for projects in the space
* Member awards ceremony - annual reflection and awards for: biggest project, most destructive member, best WTF.... etc.
* Should we move? We're 2 years into a 3 year tenancy. Can we find somewhere ground floor and not over a nightclub to relocate to. (Tas and Bob are now crying.)
  * Brunswick mill had space, no idea if it is for let.
  * Perhaps someone could contact the council in the same way Oldham hackspace have had for a cheap place (Brunswick Mill looks like a downgrade from Fallout 4 to Fallout 3)
* Donations - proposed policy
* Grand Exposition Volunteers - people wanted to do it last MMMM, but we need volunteers and cool projects to show - signup on the List

## Proceedings
### Start
* 19:00: Bob is ducking responsbility.
* 19:01: hackwiki, mediawiki, wikileaks, afk. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯


### 



### Camera Thunderdome :trollface:
We have an internal agreement to have cameras in the communal areas, such as corridors, where people aren't making stuff.
We need to talk to the tenants about how they feel, Chris reports that Unit 1 is happy for cameras, Unit 2 is aware as he is a member and Unit 3 is band storage. 

**Action: we will need to deal with data protection issues and register with the ICO if we want cameras.**
Would we need to look into legality of having a camera facing outside our unit?




## Actions
Feel free to update if things have changed as these will be reviewed at next meeting!

* [ ] we will need to deal with data protection issues and register with the ICO if we want cameras
* [ ] camera needs to be put up in coridor
* [ ] laminated sign indicating bin conveyor process
* [ ] access control: Anyone know Python or Django? Speak to Bob/Tas if you want to help.
* [ ] members with contact at Manchester Unis - exploit them
* [ ] HTSD needs organising and publishing, and promoting.
* [ ] Play expo - if we are going we need to plan it.
